Move block-time to a package (#321)
paritytech/polkadot-introspector: block-time/README.md

# Polkadot Block Time Monitor

> Monitors block production time via different RPC nodes. The tool runs in either CLI or Prometheus mode. CLI mode outputs live ASCII charts on the terminal while Prometheus mode exposes an endpoint for scraping the observed block times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPC based block production time monitoring of multiple chains via inherent timestamps. The tool runs in either CLI or Prometheus mode. CLI mode outputs live ASCII charts on the terminal while Prometheus mode exposes an endpoint for scraping the observed block times.
```
